Rosaline Story line draft

Since Rosaline is 'single' at the time of the game, she needs to work. Officially, she is a landlady, but only enough to pay the bills. She works,
but only as a second means of income. Due to this, i want to incorporate her work, and the mortgage company into her story. 
  
Her work will be used as a way to introduce an office environment, where she is either the 'Boss' of the office, or has a boss. Her work will be
downtown in one of the buildings just south of city hall. My current thoughts are that if she isn't the boss, then she has some milfy co-workers and a boss. 
Her work won't play too much into her storyline except to introduce the office and coworkers. There may be an office story line if this is the case. 
If she is the boss, then corrupting her will lead her to try to corrupt the office without too much excess story. 


**Daycare**

The daycare is a recent thought, but has a lot of potential I think. The day care lead will be named Cassie. I havent decided yet if Cassie will
be a younger more energetic person, or an overly stressed motherly type. The day care will allow a way to 'discard' any children produced in the game.
However, also due to the powers element, it is possible to 'super age' them from infants to grown over the course of a few days. This could turn the 
day care into something more of a nursery. They could also be separate entities...which is what i think ill do for now. 
The day care will be fullest during morning and noon, as thats when parents would drop their kids off. To start, I think 2 milfs could be connected to the kids, with
the potential for there to be 3.
Im thinking something of a 'snack time' scene for them where their snack is white.



City Hall



Police

The police station will be another place to dominate. Firstly, there will be a police captian, and a couple of lietenants, and an Investigator. The investigator 
will approach you after "Act I" which is when you have corrupted a enough people to have Morrigan released. She is concerned that there is an alarming number
of Risquely dressed people, especially around your school, and wants to know whats happening. She does not originally suspect that its you, but catches on quickly 
when she notices Christine is your sister and Jenny is your neighboor, and Teresa is your teacher. Initially she assumes its either you or Freya, but quickly 
drops the Freya angle. She will only notice Christine and Jenny if they are level 3. The investigator will not be crucial to 'beating the game', but is needed to
corrupt the police station fully. The Police Cheif needs to be corrupted for one of the main story lines, but if she is corrupted before the rest of the precint, 
she will simply just get fired or demoted. However, if you start with the investigator, this leads to slowly corrupting the rest of the station. As long as the 
investigator is Level 1 before fully corrupting the station, it should be fine (I dont want to impose too many random constraints). I don't know if I want to use
the prisoners as fodder, or use them as NTR stuffs.


School

The school is going to be the first 'arc' or 'area' to be dominated. Right now, there is only Teresa and Rose that are designed and implemented. I also want
to introduce the principal. As Freya and Gaby also go to this school, I want to minimally introduce a second teacher. Theres two stumps on the playground so
this should be a good chance to introduce a second one at lunch. The principal will be ungodly busty, and shorter. To add some flavor to mix. I think I would also 
like to introduce a lunch lady. An auditorium/gym would also be a good addition for playing certain scenes. To start, the player will be able to get Teresa
and Rose easily enough. After those two, the principal will get suspicious and make an appearance. Ideally, I would like none of this to start until Teresa
and Rose are level 3. I would also like to cap corruption at Level 3 until the player separates from Morrigan and gains more power. Currently the plans show that each 
questline caps at level 3.


Mayors Mansion



Factory




Park

The park contains one of my most looked forward too locations, the Ampetheater. Ultimately I would like to use the Ampetheater for public displays of depravity.
I would like to use this in an event that will be used to shatter someones mind or heart. Due to it being so public, and a number of other things, I would
also like to institute an AOE type corruption power. It won't be as potent as directly using the power (at first), but will allow temporary depravity. 
This will be used to have public shows, and slowly change the public. I love the park milf's idea, but I also have a 'Dog Park' as part of the park. I'm thinking
if the Milfs get introduced, they will be done with 'Doggy' Style at the park too. The park includes a small pool, an Ampetheater, Dog Park, and Rec Center, and 
restrooms. I have not planned anything for the Rec Center yet, but it may house 'Girl Scouts'
